docs(router): Update functional guard and resolver docs (#48873)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/deprecations.md

<code-example path="deprecation-guide/src/app/app.component.ts" language="typescript" region="static-injector-example"></code-example>

<a id="router-class-and-injection-token-guards"></a>

### Router class and InjectionToken guards and resolvers

> This deprecation only affects the support for class and

Reviewer: Do you want to first outline the deprecation and then mention this to avoid possible "confusion"?

`InjectionToken` guards at the `Route` definition. `Injectable` classes
and `InjectionToken` providers are _not_ deprecated in the general
sense. That said, the interfaces like `CanActivate`, 

> `CanDeactivate`, etc.  will not be retained in the public API. Simply removing the 

Reviewer: Maybe this can be something like:

```suggestion
`CanDeactivate`, etc.  will be deleted in a future release of Angular. Simply removing the 
```

`implements CanActivate` from the injectable class and updating the route definition
to be a function like `canActivate: [() => inject(MyGuard).canActivate()]` is sufficient
to get rid of the deprecation warning.

Functional guards are robust enough to even support the existing
class-based guards through a transform:

```

> function mapToCanMatch(providers: Array<Type<{canMatch: CanMatchFn}>>): CanMatchFn[] {

Reviewer: Nit: Maybe show the import for `CanMatchFn` to make clear that this is a new type exposed.

  return providers.map(provider => (...params) => inject(provider).canMatch(...params));
}
const route = {
  path: 'admin',
  canMatch: mapToCanMatch([AdminGuard]),
};
```

That is to say that guards can continue to be implemented as classes and then converted
to functions at the route definition.

> Class-based guards can be converted to functions by instead using `inject` to get dependencies.

Reviewer: I would be more precise here as it may lead to ideas where the class is instantiated too early, outside of the route `CanMatchFn`. e.g.

```ts
// guard file
class Guard {
  bla = inject(Foo);

  ..
}

export const guard = new Guard();

// route
canMatch: (<..>) => guard.canActivate(<..>) 
```

Reviewer: I agree. I can't think over a better way to phrase it.

> For testing, using `TestBed` and `TestBed.runInInjectionContext` is recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For testing of a `canActivate` function, using `TestBed` and `TestBed.runInInjectionContext` is recommended.
```
